Edit: Uploading-downloading-your-world-files (#74)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/minecraft/general/2021-10-20-Uploading-downloading-your-world-files.md

> Note: You can also use [SFTP](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/sftp/)!

# Downloading Your World
This guide explains how to download a world from your server!

1. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net).
2. Click on your server.
3. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.
4. Locate your world folder, it is usually called `world`.
5. Click on the 3 dots to the right of the folder.
6. Click on "Archive".
![image](..\..\..\assets\images\posts\minecraft\download-and-upload-your-world-files\steps-3-4-5-6.png)
7. A new file should be created. Locate it and click on the 3 dots to its right.
8. Click on "Download".
![image](..\..\..\assets\images\posts\minecraft\download-and-upload-your-world-files\steps-7-8.png)

9. Your world folder should be downloaded!

> Note: If you are using Spigot or any of its forks, you should also have the `world_nether` and `world_the_end` folders. These are also your world files so make sure to download them alongside `world`.
> Note: You can also use [SFTP](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/sftp/)!

<span id="bedrock"><i class="fas fa-mobile-alt"></i> Bedrock</span>

# Uploading Your World

> This guide explains how to upload a world to your Bedrock server!

Reviewer: Since this is under the Bedrock section, there is no need to mention the type of server. This is already the same for the Java section.
```suggestion
This guide explains how to upload a world to your server!
```

Author: Should I use only `server` in steps too?

Reviewer: Sure.

> Make sure your server is turned off while following the steps below.

1. Open any type of file explorer application on your device.
2. Navigate to your Minecraft Client world folder.<br>

PC (Windows 10 Edition):
```
- \Users\USERNAME\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MinecraftUWP_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\games\com.mojang\minecraftWorlds
```

> > Note: "USERNAME" is your own Windows username. <br>

Reviewer: It honestly doesn't matter. Its simply there as a placeholder and is also clarified below to replace it.
Although I have no problem with using `%USERNAME%` anyways. Up to @HellCat46.

> > Note: "USERNAME" is your own Windows username. <br>

Author: I agree with @DaddyChimken. I don't think we need to explain more about the "USERNAME" placeholder

4. Archive your world folder.
5. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on your server.
6. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.
7. Navigate to the `worlds` folder and open it.
8. Click on "Upload", it is a big blue button located at the top right of the page.
9. Select your world archive.
10. After it is done uploading, locate your world archive and click on the 3 dots to its right.
11. Click on "Unarchive".
12. Remove the `=` symbol from the world folder name by clicking the "Rename" button from the 3 dots.
12. Open the `server.properties` file on your Bedrock server. Find the `level-name=` line and enter the name of the folder you uploaded in step 8, (spaces are allowed) so that it looks something like `level-name=My Server Level`. This must match the folder name.
13. Start your Bedrock server. It should now be running your imported world.

>Note: If you have a compressed/archived world (ending in ".zip", ".rar" or others), then follow steps from step 5.

 

# Downloading Your World

> This guide explains how to download a world from your Bedrock server!

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
This guide explains how to download a world from your server!
```

This guide explains how to download a world from your server!

1. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net).
2. Click on your server.
3. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.
4. Locate your world folder, it is usually called `world`.
5. Click on the 3 dots to the right of the folder.
6. Click on "Archive".
![image](..\..\..\assets\images\posts\minecraft\download-and-upload-your-world-files\steps-3-4-5-6.png)
7. A new file should be created, locate it and click on the 3 dots to its right.
8. Click on "Download".
![image](..\..\..\assets\images\posts\minecraft\download-and-upload-your-world-files\steps-7-8.png)

9. Your world folder should be downloaded!

> Note: If you are using Spigot or any of its forks, you should also have `world_nether` and `world_the_end`, these are also your world files so make sure to download them alongside `world`.
> Note: You can also use [SFTP](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/sftp/)!

<span id="bedrock"><i class="fas fa-mobile-alt"></i> Bedrock</span>

# Uploading Your World
This guide explains how to upload a world to your Bedrock server!

> Make sure your server is turned off while following the steps below.

> 1. Open file explorer of your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open any type of file explorer application on your device.
```

2. Navigate to your Minecraft Client world folder.
     <table>
         <thead>
             <tr>
                 <th>Device type</th>
                 <th>World folder location</th>
                 <th>Notes</th>
             </tr>
         </thead>
         <tbody>
             <tr>

>                  <td>PC (Windows 10 Edition)</td>
>                  <td>\Users\username\AppData\Local\Packages\
>                      Microsoft.MinecraftUWP_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\games\com.mojang
>                      \minecraftWorlds\
>                  </td>
>                  <td>here 'username' is your own windows username.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                 <td>PC (Windows 10 Edition)</td>
                 <td>\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Local\Packages\
                     Microsoft.MinecraftUWP_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\games\com.mojang
                     \minecraftWorlds\
                 </td>
                 <td>"USERNAME" is your own Windows username.</td>
```

             </tr>
             <tr>
                 <td>Android</td>
                 <td>Internal storage/games/com.mojang/minecraftWorlds\</td>
                 <td></td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                 <td>IOS</td>
                 <td>Apps/com.mojang.minecraftpe/Documents/games/com.mojang/minecraftWorlds\</td>
                 <td></td>
             </tr>
         </tbody>

>      </table>

Reviewer: Is it possible to use inline codeblocks for the file paths? Imo it'll look better.

> 3. There will be a folder (or multiple folders, one for each world you have in the Win 10 edition/pocket edition) with a random name like "BQUAAIFxEAA=", find the one that is the world you want to put on your dedicated server by checking "levelname.txt".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. There will be a folder (or multiple folders, one for each world if you have Windows 10 Edition or Pocket Edition) with a random name like "BQUAAIFxEAA=", find the world file you want to put on your dedicated server by checking `levelname.txt`.
```

4. Archive your world folder.
5. Go to the [Game Panel](https://panel.falixnodes.net) and click on your server.
6. Click on "File Manager" at the top of the page.

> 7. Navigate to the `worlds` folder, open it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Navigate to the `worlds` folder and open it.
```

8. Click on "Upload", it is a big blue button located at the top right of the page.
9. Select your world archive.
10. After it is done uploading, locate your world archive and click on the 3 dots to its right.
11. Click on "Unarchive".

> 12. Remove `=` symbol from the folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Remove the `=` symbol from the world folder name by clicking the "Rename" button from the 3 dots.
```

> 12. Open server.properties file on your bedrock server, find the 'level-name=' line and enter the name of the folder you uploaded in step 8 here (spaces are allowed) so that it looks something like `level-name=My Server Level` - this should exactly match the folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Open the `server.properties` file on your Bedrock server. Find the `level-name=` line and enter the name of the folder you uploaded in step 8, (spaces are allowed) so that it looks something like `level-name=My Server Level`. This must match the folder name.
```

> 13. Start your bedrock server, and it should now have your imported world running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Start your Bedrock server. It should now be running your imported world.
```

1. Open any type of file explorer application on your device.
2. Navigate to your Minecraft Client world folder.<br>

PC (Windows 10 Edition):
```
- \Users\USERNAME\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MinecraftUWP_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\games\com.mojang\minecraftWorlds\
```
> Note: "USERNAME" is your own Windows username. <br>

Android:
```
Internal storage/games/com.mojang/minecraftWorlds\
```
IOS:
```

> Apps/com.mojang.minecraftpe/Documents/games/com.mojang/minecraftWorlds\

Reviewer: Are these supposed to have a `\` at the end?

Author: I am supposed to use `/` instead of `\` because world folders are located in the "minecraftWorlds" Folder. I will fix that when I will able to. (maybe after 4-5 hours)

Author: nvm
I removed slash and backslash from the end of paths.
